Sister Wang, if it weren’t for your help this time,
I couldn't make ten months at all. and,
I need Sister Hong to help me deal with Zhou Tianzi.
Your eyesight is no longer small.
It depends on whether Sister Hong wants to fight you, I promise.
There will be no one in the future that I can't mention.
You send it to me again.
There was a typhoon some time ago, and Zhou Tianzi lost money.
I hope he will be sure of his plan now.
I give you five months, find a way to use these five months,
Borrow it to Zhou Tianzi and collect it.
Lei Feng, you believe so much that I won’t swallow this affirmation
Even if I swallow it, you can only take a bite?
because i believe
There will be a price to pay for Zhou Tianci using my money.
I was born unable to
But I have never forced you to be responsible for the price of two places.
If anyone dares to offend me
Even if I try my best, I have to get it from him
Take a bite of meat
You made me a stock before
Just for the sake of the place every week
He had always collected stocks before
I still feel strange
I really thought that it was for this meeting.